# Interactive-Administration
This project titled 'Interactive Administration' will deal with the making of a GUI that will allow its user to give different queries. If he wants to add any user, it must check the database to see if the user is existing or not. There must be some special user keys to identify if the user exists. According to the query entered by the user (E.g. - Add file, Delete file etc), the program will understand the specific operation that has to be performed. For this task, a user dictionary containing prefix codes will be brought under use which will match its string with the operations stored in other file. Then, the respective operation will be called. This will involve a certain development approach in different phases. Interactive is a built in window group that allows to give specific rights to user account that is currently logged on to the computer. By adding interactive to local administrator group, anybody logged in interactively at that computer will have the administrator rights. We can give interactive users local administrator rights using GUI. We will make use of GUI tools as it can provide a platform that the user can interact with in order to gather and produce information. With the help of GUI wrappers, users can interact with start, change its parameters and also allows to focus on product's functionality. . The users are free to accomplish several queries with the help of the identifiers and tabs made available to them in the system.



Working:--
Our whole project is based on the administrative tool which will understand the user’s input in many ways. The root of this whole administration is based on the prefix dictionary. It is a manually created dictionary which contain many words and all those words which have same meaning are placed under separate prefix group and all those prefix groups have different numbers. Words are placed according to same meaning because a user can give the input in many ways .so it will be easier for the user as it will provide wide option to them. Now when the user will give the input then it will check the input entered and then it will generate some code.

The generated code is then matched with the combination .the combination is the unique collection of different words from the prefix dictionary along with different prefix group numbers. This combination is provided with a unique code which will be helpful for calling the procedures.
After that whole procedure will start and that it will return the result .Our whole project will work in three step.
First it will create some prefix codes which totally depends on the user’s input,
Second is the creation of the combination of prefixes and third and the final step is the calling of the procedures. Today this type of administrative system are very important and useful because it does not require much specified and trained user to user this any layman can use this it does not matter he is having the good knowledge of English or not. User can also use this if he is not getting the proper idea to express his feeling because it will suggest the user may options to go through.

